Practical Tools: Module Summary.
It's important to document User Stories and Use
Cases in the customers' own words.
Prototypes, Wireframes,
and Mockups are a key element of your process to drive out requirements.
Use Workflow diagrams, Swim Lanes,
or other diagrams to provide greater depth of understanding.
Developing Database Models helps you further understand data
relationships and surface additional Business Rules.
Business Rule specifications capture specific UI logic and code behind logic.
All of these documents comprise of most of your specification inventory. In the next module, we will see how this might all work in an agile environment.